


Dear Sir/Ma,



I will appreciate your urgent response to my letter and I assure you that this business transaction will surely improve our lives and that of all those around us. I am Mr. Jonathan Freeman, I work in the Auditing Operation Department of a Security Firm  in Geneva - Switzerland and am presently in Spain. I believe and feel quite safe revealing this important business and will be glad to execute it with you if you are capable because of your name. My assurance to you is that this transaction is 100% risk free to both parties. I am only contacting you who are a foreigner because the Security Company is going to welcome you if I present you as the Benefactor of the deposit. Please I will like you to (view) log on to (http://www.hariri.info) for more information and proper understanding about the deceased depositor of the said fund before reading further.



During my last momentary auditing, I discovered that Rafik Bahaa Edine Hariri made Safe Deposit in our Security Company which he left no beneficiary. My investigation revealed to me as well that his company and family do not know anything about this particular deposit, and this deposit has been dormant since 2005 because nobody knows that such deposit exists, hence I contacted you.





The amount is US$18,700,000.00 (Eighteen Million Seven Hundred Thousand US Dollars Only) and this fund will be released to you if you can co-operate with me. I need your full co-operation to make this work fine. Being a top executive at Security Firm, I have all secret details and necessary information/contacts for release of the funds to you with no doubt or hassles.

    

If you can handle this transaction for our joint benefit, please call me immediately  so that we can proceed further, as what is required now is to register you as the Benefactor right from our office here in Spain so that the funds will be released to you.



I will also use my position to influence and effect legal approvals and immediate release of the funds into your account with appropriate clearance from department concerned. NOTE: Your business status does not matter in this transaction, what

matters is your ability to handle the amount of this magnitude.



As soon as the transfer is concluded, you will retain some percentage of the fee as compensation for your assistance which we shall sign an agreement as the transaction progresses.. Call me immediately so that I don't look for someone else or please destroy this letter if you are not interested.



Regards,



Jonathan Freeman




Greetings!


