


It is understandable that you might be a little bit apprehensive because you do not know me but I have a lucrative business proposal of mutual interest to share with you. Let me start by introducing myself. I am Mr.Jeslie Chui, Senior Treasury Manager of Bank of China (Hong Kong). I have a Business suggestion for you.



In October, 2002, my late client Ghazi Musa Hassan, an Iraqi Crude oil merchant made a numbered fixed deposit of Thirty million Eight Hundred Thousand United State Dollars (US$30,800,000.00) only in my branch. Upon maturity several notice was sent to him, even during the war (U.S and Iraqi war), Five years ago (2003). Again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him. We later 

found out that Ghazi Musa Hassan, and his family had been killed during the war in a bomb blast that hit his home at Mukaradeeb where his personal oil well was.



After further investigation it was also discovered that Ghazi Musa Hassan did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit and he also confided in  me the last time he was in my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank. So, Thirty million Eighth Hundred Thousand United State Dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it. What bothers me most is that according to the  laws of my country at the expiration six {6} years the funds will revert to the ownership of the Hong Kong Government if nobody applies to claim the funds. Against this backdrop, my suggestion to you is that I will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to  Ghazi

Musa Hassan so that you will be able to receive his funds.



MODALITIES:



I want you to know that I have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful. I have an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to Ghazi Musa Hassan, all that is required from you is to provide me with your Full Names and Address so that the attorney can commence his job.  After you have been made the next of kin, the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and  letter of probate in your favor for the movement of the funds to an account that will be provided by you. We are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents in your favor.



There is a reward for this project and it is a task well worth undertaking. There is no risk involved at all in this matter, I have evaluated the risks and the only risk I have here is for you refusing  to work with me and alerting my bank. I am the only one who knows of this situation, good fortune has blessed you with a name that has  planted you into the center of relevance in my life. Please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue.  Once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 70% for me, 30% for you but this can be subjected to further negotiations. I send you this mail not without a measure of fear as to what the consequences, but I know within me that

nothing ventured is nothing gained and that success and riches never come easy or on a platter of gold. Please observe this instruction religiously. Should you be interested please send me your,

1, Full Names,

2, Private Phone Number,

3, Current Residential Address,



And I will prefer you reach me on my private email address below and finally after that I shall furnish you with more information's about this operation. Your earliest response to this letter through my  private email address:  chuijeslie@yahoo.com.hk  OR chuijesli@yahoo.com.hk will be appreciated.



Kind Regards,

Mr. Jeslie Chui.








