Subject: Speed Up Your PC - PLUS Get a FREE Performance Scan

If you are having trouble viewing this email, click here.
If you no longer wish to receive email offers from Smith Micro, please unsubscribe here.
 
 
 

 
Turbo charge your system with SpeedUpMyPC 3!
Are you stuck on the grid with sluggish PC startup times, and low powered web surfing? Are you getting Internet rage as yet another web page stalls half way through loading?
We have partnered with Uniblue to help you make things better. Every second counts so supercharge your PC now.
There's no speed limit on your computer so why go  slow?
With SpeedUpMyPC 3, it's as though you have a full-time technician working flat out just for you, helping you to make the best use of all the processing power inside your computer. System settings, Internet usage, disk clutter, RAM and CPU are all automatically scanned, cleaned and optimized for peak performance.
Click here for a FREE performance scan!
The Problem:
The Solution:
The problem is that monitoring and maximizing today  's PC is increasingly difficult. Even experienced users find effective control of all the settings and resources of their PCs hard to achieve.
	  -	Are you finding that your PC is taking longer to start, or is slow in accessing the Internet?
	  -	Maybe your computer is prone to slow-downs, crashes and subsequent losses of data?
	  -	On the other hand, maybe you have junk files and incorrectly uninstalled software cluttering your hard-drive, or you want to securely remove private but unwanted files? 
SpeedUpMyPC 3 solves all of these system optimization problems with easy, one-click instructions.
	  -	The clean-up module removes temporary files, Cookies and other undesirable files, while the file shredder feature will permanently remove any private documents.
	  -	Also, monitor your PC  's resources to prevent system crashes or slowdowns, and speed-up Internet browsing.
	  -	Finally, selectively disable or remove unnecessary background and auto-start processes to cut valuable seconds off your startup time. 
 
Check out your PCs performance with our FREE and No Obligation instant system scan!

Click Here to Start FREE Scan Now!
 
  
 
Check out your PCs performance with our FREE and No Obligation instant system scan!       CLICK HERE TO START FREE SCAN  NOW
With SpeedUpMyPC 3 you  'll see immediate increases in performance and stability!
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
351195
This message was intended for: noulas@gmail.com    For more information on why you're receiving this email, click here.   Update your preferences | Unsubscribe | Privacy Policy

Smith Micro Software   185 Westridge Drive   Watsonville, CA 95076
 