Subject: Draw & Paint with Your Computer - Save 20% on ArtRage Deluxe

  
If you are having trouble viewing this email, click here.
If you no longer wish to receive email offers from Smith Micro, please unsubscribe here.
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

All the artists' tools you need to easily draw and paint on your computer!
 
Anyone can be an Artist with ArtRage Deluxe   Easily create your own works of art right away     just pick up the mouse and start painting! Save 20% when you buy ArtRage today for only $39.99!
	  -	MAC: DIGITAL or PHYSICAL
	  -	WIN: DIGITAL or PHYSICAL
 
  
  
 

 
 
Product features:
 
 
Get started quickly with easy-to-use interface
 
 
Paint with oil brushes, palette knives, airbrushes, paint rollers or paint tubes
 
 
Use included images or load your own photos for tracing and reference
 
 
Convert photos to paint on a layer and create your own custom oil paintings
 
 
Import and export PSD files with layers and blend modes 
 
 
Choose from built in stencils or create your own 
 
 
Expand your artistic skills with instructional videos and tutorials
 
 
Move, scale, and rotate the canvas to any angle 
 
 
Change your canvas grain, colors and metallic effects
 
 
ArtRage uses your tablet's pressure and tilt support
 
 
Choose custom color sets and color pickers
 
 

 


 

 
 
System Requirements:
 
 
Macintosh: Mac OS X 10.3.9 or later; G4, G5 or Intel Processor; 1024 x 768 graphics; 256MB RAM.
Windows: Vista, WinXP or Windows 2000 Pentium; 800MHz or faster.
 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
There are no worries with our 30-day 'no questions asked' return policy!
 
 

 


 
 
 
 
Easy-to-Use Painting Tools   ArtRage Deluxe gives you realistic art tools in a simple and stylish environment. Have a photo or picture you want to use as reference? Simply load it into ArtRage Deluxe and use the tracing paper function to get started immediately.
	  -	Paint with oil brushes, palette knives, airbrushes, paint rollers or paint tubes
	  -	Draw with pencils, erasers, chalk, felt pens or crayons
	  -	Create special effects with metallics and glitter
	  -	Use the color sampler to customize your palette 
 
Each tool is designed to work like its real world counterpart. Thick paint smears and blends, pencils and chalks smudge, and markers work just like they do in the real world. Many of the tools can be adjusted to give different effects.
Recreate your Favorite Photos or Images   ArtRage makes it easy to recreate photos or other images using its paint tools. ArtRage projects the Tracing Image onto your canvas so that you can use it as a guide while you sketch and paint. Pick colors from the tracing image, zoom in and out and trace your image as loosely or tightly as you see fit. Convert your tracing image to paint and create your own custom photo oil painting. If you just want a reference while painting, you can pin an image to your canvas and scale, rotate and position it as desired.
 
Precise Shapes and Lines   Stencils and rulers let you make precise shapes and lines while still painting freehand. Put down as many stencils as you like, then paint over them and create unique, precise shapes. Place rulers and create straight lines or smooth curves. Add paint to a layer and quickly convert it to your own custom stencil.
Metallics   The Metallic Paint option gives you spreadable, blendable gold and silver oil paints, sparkling glitter, silver leaf sprays and more. Any tool can be switched to Metallic mode for a wide range of incredible effects. Metallic paint still smears, smudges and blends with the regular paint.
Instructional Videos, Tutorials and More   ArtRage Deluxe includes tutorials and instructional videos, reference images for tracing and stencils for painting precise shapes. You  'll have the artwork and guidance you need to create amazing art quickly and easily!
  

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Start Creating Art Right Away   ArtRage Deluxe 2.5 gives you all the artists' tools you need to draw and paint on your computer! Just pick up the mouse and start painting! Buy today for only $39.99 and save 20%!
	  -	MAC: DIGITAL or PHYSICAL
	  -	WIN: DIGITAL or PHYSICAL
  
  
 
  
  
351454
  
This message was intended for: noulas@gmail.com    For more information on why you're receiving this email, click here.   Update your preferences | Unsubscribe | Privacy Policy

Smith Micro Software   185 Westridge Drive   Watsonville, CA 95076
 