
Hello dear friend!

My name is Maria. I am 26 years old. I'm from Russia, city Cheboksary.
I live together with my mum and I work as adviser on sale home appliances.
I have many various hobbies: sport, a photo, drawing. I dream to have 
strong and happy family. It's my purpose in life. I want to be happy 
and to do happy my family.
Recently I thought that I have it already. However.......
I wish to tell you history which have pushed me write to you.
6-7 months ago I have got acquainted with man from your country. 
His name is Peter. Our meeting was at a seminar in city St.Peterburg.
It was the working meeting. Between us began the novel.
It was so fast and I thought that it's my man. Through 3 days he has 
left home. We have understood that letters can not replace our meeting 
face to face again. Peter has told that I should arrive to him!!! 
I was very glad during that moment. I wrote the application for reception 
visa. I waited reception of visa approximately half ofyear.
All this time Peter called and wrote to me letters. 
All things was very good.
I have received the invitation from the ambassador for reception visa.
My director has given me holiday from work and I have gone to Moscow 
to receive visa. I said this good news to Peter, but he told that 
he does not want our meeting.
He played with me. He has told me that he has wife with 3!!!!!! children 
and now he don't want our meeting. I have been broken...
I could not think that it was game with my feelings..... 
I did not think that people are so severe.......
Now I am in Moscow and waiting for reception visa.
I don't want that all was gone for nothing and will be glad if my visa 
will be useful to our meeting.
I could arrive already in 7-8 days, but I have problem. I don't know 
any man who would like my arrival.
I hope that it will not sound silly if I will ask you about our meeting 
and good time together.. I don't know your ideas about my letter, but it 
would be fine if we could meet and have some weeks or months together.
I want to use my visa for trip to your country and search man with which 
I would like to have happy and strong family.
I was never married and have no any children. I'm woman which ready to 
creation family with good man.
I don't know about you anything, but I want it very much.
It would be fine if we could meet, to do friendship or more than simply 
friendship. I will be happy if you also have a free time and we could meet 
soon. I don't know about your plans at present time, but I sincerely hope 
that we can have meeting with you in the near future.
You can write all that you want. Ask any questions which interest you.
I hope that you understand my English :) I began to study English 
approximately 1,5 year ago. Write to me back and I will tell more about 
myself and send my photos.

Please, write to me back and send your photos on my regular e-mail: 
mariasmol@bk.ru

Have a good day,
Maria

